NARRATOR:
Somewhere, hidden
amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKING]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[BARKS]
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
Today's adventure starts
at the little castle.
[HOLLY READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[BANGS GONG]
Today we will be having
porridge for breakfast.
[ALL CHEERING AND GIGGLING]
Porridge!
But the porridge pot
is empty.
Yes, Holly. Daisy and Poppy
will be practicing
their magic this morning
Nanny Plum has taught them
a simple porridge spell.
BOTH:
Wandy! Wandy!
I've got a bad feeling
about this.
Just to be clear,
Nanny Plum,
nothing's going to go wrong,
is it?
No, Your Majesty.
I don't want
another magic jelly flood.
That was jelly.
Porridge
is a very different beast.
And Daisy and Poppy
have been practicing so hard.
[BOTH GIGGLE]
Little porridge pot
Fill, fill, fill
Well done, Daisy and Poppy.
Hee, hee! The twins should
make breakfast more often.
Hm. It's quite tasty.
BOTH:
More! More! More!
QUEEN:
Daisy! Poppy! Stop!
BOTH:
More! More! More! More!
[SCREAMING]
[SQUEALING]
Porridge flood!
Stop it, Nanny!
Little porridge pot,
stop!
Yuck!
I'm covered
in horrible gooey porridge,
thanks to my silly
little sisters.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
Now, now, Holly. Remember,
Daisy and Poppy
are only babies.
And we'll have this porridge
cleared up in a flash.
I'd forgotten the twins knew
how to say "more."
BOTH:
More! More!
Aw.
When I was a baby, the first
words I said was "bang!"
That's not a good word
for a magical baby to know.
Bang!
BOTH: Bang! Bang! Bang!
[SCREAMING]
QUEEN:
Give Mommy your wands.
[BOTH CRYING]
I'll be off then,
My friends are coming round
to play.
KING:
Ah, yes, Holly,
Mommy and I were thinking
it would be fun
if you and your friends played
with Daisy and Poppy today.
But, Daddy.
QUEEN:
It would be a chance for
the twins to learn your games.
But, Mommy.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Hi, Holly.
Hi, Ben.
Coming out to play,
Holly?
Sorry, Fleur,
I can't come out to play.
Why not?
Uh, Daisy and Poppy
are with me,
so we have to play
in the courtyard.
[DAISY & POPPY GIGGLING]
Aw. They're so sweet
and ickle.
They're not sweet.
Wandy, wandy!
Do you want to hold my wand?
It's glittery, isn't it?
No, Fleur.
Kitty cat!
[MEOWS]
[DAISY & POPPY GIGGLING]
Aah!
I see your friends have brought
a little kitten along.
[MEOWS]
Uh, that's Fleur.
She gave Daisy her wand.
I see.
Run away, kitten
Come back, Fleur
And which poor friend
was turned into this insect?
No, Mommy.
That's Gaston the Ladybird.
He is meant to be like that.
[BARKING]
Ah, yes, of course.
Hello, Gaston.
[BARKING]
Now, children,
the twins are only little,
so please play gently.
ALL:
Yes, Queen Thistle.
And the twins must stay
in the courtyard.
Yes, Mommy.
Have fun.
[DAISY & POPPY GIGGLING]
Wow! Your little sisters
are something else.
I know.
They're a menace.
So keep hold of your wand,
Fleur.
But they're so sweet
and ickle.
I'm sure they didn't mean
to turn me into a kitten.
Meow, meow.
[GIGGLING]
So, what game
shall we play?
How about hide-and-seek?
BOTH:
Hidey, hidey!
The only problem is,
the twins can't count yet.
I'll help them count.
I'm very good at counting.
BEN:
Okay.
Now, close
your little eyes.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
Quick, let's hide.
[CHILDREN LAUGHING]
One, Two...
three, four, five,
six, seven, eight...
nine, ten.
Coming, ready or not.
Oh! Where are the twins?
Daisy! Poppy!
It's not safe for you
to fly so high.
Kitty catty!
[MEOWS]
[BOTH GIGGLING]
Wow! Fleur's turned
into a kitten again.
Run away, kitten
Come back, Fleur
So where are the twins?
Um, they kind of...
flew away.
They've escaped.
Uh, and they've sort of
got my wand.
Goodness knows what damage
they might do.
Don't worry,
we'll find them.
Elves are good
at that sort of thing.
BOTH:
And we're elves!
[BOTH BLOW HORNS]
So how are you going
to find them?
Easy.
Gaston can sniff them out.
[BARKS THEN SNIFFING]
Gaston,
find Daisy and Poppy.
[GASTON CONTINUES SNIFFING]
[GASTON BARKS]
[DAISY & POPPY GIGGLING]
[DOORBELLS RINGING]
My goodness.
Daisy and Poppy.
You're a long way from home.
We'd better ring
your mommy and daddy.
Bunny rabbit!
[SQUEAKS]
Now, now, Daisy,
that wasn't very nice.
Bunny rabbit!
[SQUEAKS]
What's going on?
DAISY:
Bunny rabbit!
[SQUEAKS]
BOTH:
More! More! More!
[ZAPPING]
What's that noise?
It's coming from over there.
I think we've found
my little sisters.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
BOTH:
Hop, hop, hop!
[BOTH GIGGLE]
Whoa!
Look at all those rabbits.
BEN:
That one's wearing
my dad's hat.
Poppy! Daisy!
What have you done?
Rabbity, rabbity!
They've turned all the elves
into rabbits.
Daisy, that wasn't funny
or clever.
Give me the wand.
Kitty catty!
[MEOWS]
Daisy and Poppy,
I'm sure you didn't mean to--
[MEOWS]
[BOTH GIGGLING]
Birdy, wirdy!
[BOTH TWEETING]
Phew!
Do you think that's it?
BEN:
Yes. Luckily birds
can't hold wands.
[BOTH CRYING]
Ah! Barnaby and Ben.
Have you seen the girls?
BARNABY:
The kittens
are Holly and Fleur.
BEN:
And the birds are the twins.
What?
Uh, Daisy and Poppy
have been doing
a bit of magicking.
I see.
And who are all the rabbits?
BARNABY:
They're the elves.
Right! We've got a lot
of tidying up to do.
Run away, kittens
Come back, fairies
Hop away, bunnies
Come back, elves
Fly away, birdies
Come back, twins
Holly, you were supposed
to be looking after
your little sisters.
But, Nanny,
the twins are impossible.
They are
a bit of a handful.
Well, I suppose
no harm was done.
No harm done?
They turned us all into rabbits.
I know!
I'm most impressed.
[BOTH GIGGLE]
But-- But--
The little darlings are getting
really good at magic.
BOTH:
Froggy! Froggy!
[CROAKS]
I think
I'll take those wands.
We won't be needing
any more magic today.
But Nanny Plum.
We can't just leave her
as a frog.
[CROAKS]
Can't we? No, I suppose not.
All right, Holly,
magic her back again.
Hop away, frog
Come back, nanny
[OWL HOOTING]
QUEEN:
Good night, my little ones.
Sleep well.
Ah! They're fast asleep
already.
Well, they have had
a very busy day, Your Majesty.
I expect playing with
you big children
really tired them out,
Holly.
Uh, yes, Mommy,
something like that.
[BOTH SNORING]
I wonder what sweet
little dreams they're having?
Tiger, tiger, alligator.
Crocodile.
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the little castle.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[SCATTING]
My new fairy tea set
has arrived.
CHILDREN:
Ooh!
Ooh! It's so beautiful
and it's so sparkly.
It's also very delicate,
Holly.
That means
it breaks easily.
So you can look,
but don't touch.
Yes, Mommy.
It is a beautiful teapot.
Shall I give it a bit of a dust,
Your Majesty?
No, Nanny Plum.
Even you mustn't touch it.
Yes, Your Majesty.
Good. Now, as it's such
a lovely day,
why don't we go for
a nice walk?
Can I stay here and
look at the tea set instead?
All right, Holly,
but look and don't touch.
Yes, Mommy.
[GIGGLES]
Ooh.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Hello, Nanny Plum.
Hello, Ben.
Can Holly come out to play?
I'm afraid Princess Holly
is very busy,
looking at a teapot.
Perhaps if--
Ben! I've got something
to show you!
BEN:
Okay, Holly!
[BEN GIGGLES]
Look. Mommy's fairy tea set.
Isn't it beautiful?
Uh, I suppose so.
No one is allowed to touch it,
not even Nanny.
Why not?
Because it's very delicate.
What can you do with it
then?
Well, you can have tea parties
with it, of course.
Uh,
but we're not supposed to--
Just hold them, silly.
It's not hard.
Look at me.
[GASPS]
How do you like your tea,
Mr. Elf?
Weak or strong?
[GIGGLES]
[♪♪♪]
[SQUEALS]
Aah! Holly!
You've broken
the Queen's teapot.
Oh, no!
Mommy will be so sad.
We weren't supposed to touch it,
were we?
No. What can we do?
Can you fix it with magic?
Uh, I'll try.
Abracadabra
Abraca doo...
Uh...
Mend this teapot?
[SIGHS]
Well, that didn't work.
Nanny will know a spell.
Let's ask her.
No. We can't tell anyone.
What can we do then?
Uh, Ben, aren't elves
good at mending things?
Uh, yes.
And you're an elf.
Ben Elf!
[BLOWS HORN]
[GIGGLES]
So can you help me
mend it?
Uh. I'm not sure.
Please, Ben.
You're my very best friend,
and you're my only hope.
Uh, okay.
I've got stuff
for mending things at home.
[GIGGLES]
We can carry the pieces
in this box.
But what if someone sees us?
I can make us invisible.
I know that spell.
Abraca dibbly dibble
Make us invisible
Hey, it worked. Come on.
[HOLLY GIGGLING]
[SCATTING]
BEN:
Shh. There's Nanny.
HOLLY [WHISPERING]:
Ben. Be quiet.
[BEN & HOLLY GIGGLING]
Oh, bother, my invisible spell
has worn off.
That's all right,
we're nearly there.
No one will see us now.
Hello, Ben.
Hello, Princess Holly.
Uh, hello, Mrs. Elf.
What are you two
up to then?
Uh, nothing, Mom.
We're just going
to mend something.
Yes. Elves are good
at mending things.
And you're an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
Yes, Mom.
[♪♪♪]
[FOOTSTEPS]
This is where I keep
all my mending stuff.
[GIGGLES]
Glue, paint, brushes--
And glitter. Oh, goody.
First,
I have to put a mat down,
so that we don't get glue
on the floor.
Yes.
And we must wear aprons,
to keep our clothes clean.
[GIGGLES]
Now what?
We stick the pieces together
with glue.
Like this:
One, two, three.
There, it's stuck.
[GIGGLES]
HOLLY:
One, two, three.
BEN:
HOLLY:
One, two, three.
[GIGGLES]
BEN:
One, two, three.
There. It's mended.
BOTH:
Hooray!
Hm.
It doesn't look quite right.
Uh, we can paint it.
Yes.
[♪♪♪]
That's better.
Hm.
It had flowers on it too.
I'm good
at painting flowers.
There.
But I think
it was a bit more sparkly.
We can use glitter.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
HOLLY:
I love glitter.
It's so glittery.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
There.
BOTH:
Hooray!
Do you think your mom
might see the difference?
Uh, yes.
Maybe it just needs
more glitter?
No, Ben.
We tried to mend it,
but it didn't work.
We'll just have to ask
Nanny Plum for a spell.
All right,
let's go to Nanny.
[♪♪♪]
[NANNY SCATTING]
There's Nanny.
Go on.
Ask her for a spell.
Nanny!
Please can I ask you a question
about spells, please?
A question? Or course.
Nanny,
a little friend of mine
has broken something
and wants to mend it.
What spell can she use?
Do I know
this little friend?
Uh, no.
She's a goblin.
And she lives far away
and you don't know her at all.
Is it a special thing,
this little goblin broke?
Yes.
And did the little goblin
break it on purpose?
No. It was an accident.
I didn't mean to break it.
Aah! Oh, I see.
You broke it.
Oh, Nanny,
I didn't mean to break it.
Oh, don't worry, Holly,
it can't be that bad.
It is that bad.
Don't be silly.
It's not as if you've broken
the Queen's teapot.
[BOTH GASP]
What did you break?
BOTH:
The Queen's teapot.
Oh.
Mommy's going to be so sad.
But we did mend it.
Well.
I'm sure it's okay then.
It doesn't look exactly
like it did before.
[SCREAMS]
Please, can you fix it,
Nanny?
Don't worry,
I know just what to do.
I knew Nanny Plum
would have a spell to fix it.
I'm not going to fix it.
Are you going to buy
a new teapot?
NANNY:
No. Much simpler
than that.
What?
We'll tell the Queen.
[BOTH GASP]
[♪♪♪]
Excuse me, Your Majesty?
What is it,
Nanny Plum?
Unfortunately, there has been
a little accident.
Accident? What happened?
I'm sorry to say
that your teapot
has been broken.
[GASPS]
The teapot I said
no one was to touch?
Uh, yes.
Nanny Plum, I told you
not to dust that tea set.
Yes, Your Majesty.
I have a good mind
to turn you into a slug.
That's a bit harsh,
isn't it, darling?
Could you turn me into
a snail perhaps, instead?
No.
Mommy, it was me.
I did it.
And I've been sad all day.
And now you're going to have
to turn me into a slug,
instead of Nanny.
[PANTING]
Oh. Oh, no, my poor darling.
Don't be sad.
It's only a silly piece
of pottery.
But, Mommy,
you were going to turn Nanny
into a slug.
Oh.
I didn't really mean that.
Huh?
Sorry I made you sad, Mommy.
Oh, Holly, I'm only sad
that you felt
you couldn't tell me.
We did try and mend it.
It doesn't look
like it did before,
but the children have tried
their hardest.
Oh!
That is beautiful.
Just as beautiful
as it was before.
Shall I give it a dust,
Your Majesty?
No! This is one of a kind
and very fragile.
No one must touch it.
Promise.
ALL:
We promise.
I will treasure it
forever.
[♪♪♪]